Docsite template: make it ready-to-use, part 1 (#8)
ansible-community/project-template: docs/index.md

# Ansible PROJECTNAME Documentation

Provide a mission statement or a brief summary of the Ansible project and why someone would want to use it.

> It should be two or three sentences long. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be two or three sentences long, for example:
```

At the `PROJECTNAME`, our mission is to produce and maintain simple, flexible,
and powerful open-source software tailored to `PROJECT_PURPOSE`.

We welcome members from all skill levels to participate actively in our open, inclusive, and vibrant community.
Whether you are an expert or just beginning your journey with Ansible and `PROJECT_NAME`,
you are encouraged to contribute, share insights, and collaborate with fellow enthusiasts!

## Community

TODO: Add a communication guide link here when created. If a separate guide is an overkill for this particular project, invite people to join the Forum and Matrix, mention CoC. Encourage project maintainers to join the Forum and create a group.

## Users

> TODO: Add links to Getting started guide here, installation guide, user guide, scenarios, etc. if relevant with respect to the project scale/complexity.

Reviewer: Should we include the novice persona before users? https://github.com/ansible/docsite/blob/main/data/journeys/docsite-personas.md#novice

I think it's important to consider that persona as the starting point for all personas. It really is distinct to users.

Author: I'm planning to have stuff for novice under corresponding sections like Users, Contributors, etc. because there can be novice in every category.

# Ansible PROJECTNAME Documentation

> Provide a mission statement or a brief summary of the Ansible project and why someone would want to use it. It should be two or three sentences long, for example:

At the `PROJECTNAME`, our mission is to produce and maintain simple, flexible,
and powerful open-source software tailored to `PROJECT_PURPOSE`.

We welcome members from all skill levels to participate actively in our open, inclusive, and vibrant community.
Whether you are an expert or just beginning your journey with Ansible and `PROJECT_NAME`,
you are encouraged to contribute, share insights, and collaborate with fellow enthusiasts!

> > Please have at least the following sections filled up with relevant information. Depending of your project complexity, you can add additional sections, for example, a separate Getting started guide and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please have at least the following sections populated with relevant information. Depending of your project complexity, you can add additional sections; for example, a separate Getting started guide and so on.
```

- [License](LICENSE link here)
- [Community guide](community_guide.md)
  - [Code of Conduct](community_guide.md#code-of-conduct)
  - [Communication](community_guide.md#communication)
    - [Asynchronous channels](community_guide.md#asynchronous-channels)
    - [Real-time channels](community_guide.md#real-time-channels)

> - [User guide](user_guide.md)

Reviewer 2: I'm unsure of this section entirely. In  the navigation for a docsite, we could lose direct/obvious links to the install guide and the Getting Started. I'd rather see:
- [Installation guide](install.md)
- [Getting Started Guide][getting_started.md)
- [User guide... ]  and continuing what you have here, minus those two guides.

Reviewer 2: Actually coming back in again on this one ... @oraNod - I think mkdocs  doesn't require an index file at all, does it? I feel like that happens in the mkdocs file itself?

Reviewer: Yes, in the mkdocs configuration you can "label" a file as the index. I feel like it's generally better to have an explicit index file though.

>   - [Communication](user_guide.md#communication)

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we need this repeated here. Communications should stay in the community guide.

Author: Yep, it looks ugly, removed, thanks

  - [Getting started](user_guide.md#getting-started)
  - [Installation guide](user_guide.md#installation)
  - [Next section](user_guide.md#next-section)

- [Contributor guide](contributor_guide.md)

>   - [Communication](contributor_guide.md#communication)

Reviewer 2: same comment - communications stays in the community guide. We could recommend they add a link to it from each of the other guides in a See Also section or something.

Author: removed

  - [Project place in Ansible ecosystem](contributor_guide.md#project-place-in-ansible-ecosystem)

>   - [Non-code contributions](contributor_guide.md#non-code-contributions)

Reviewer 2: This feels like it's repeating what is in the community guide. We should have it in one place and crossref as needed.

    - [Ask and answer questions](contributor_guide.md#ask-and-answer-questions)
    - [Contributing to documentation](contributor_guide.md#contributing-to-documentation)
    - [How to open an issue](contributor_guide.md#how-to-open-an-issue)
  - [Code contributions](contributor_guide.md#code-contributions)
    - [Project architecture](contributor_guide.md#project-architecture)
    - [Getting started](contributor_guide.md#getting-started)
    - [Testing](contributor_guide.md#testing)
    - [Reviewing open issues and pull requests](contributor_guide.md#reviewing-open-issues-and-pull-requests)

- [Maintainer guide](maintainer_guide.md)

>   - [Communication](maintainer_guide.md#communication)

Reviewer 2: same comment on leaving communications to one place and just crossref to it.

  - [How to become a maintainer](maintainer_guide.md#how-to-become-a-maintainer)

>   - [Maintainer responsibilities](maintainer_guide.md#maintainer-responsibilities)

Reviewer 2: Should we list what a maintainer does before how to become one?

Author: wasn't sure, let's move it then
